.\"
.TH LCP2_CRTPOLELT 8 "2020-05-10" "tboot" "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
lcp2_crtpolelt \- create an Intel(R) TXT policy element of specified type.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lcp2_crtpolelt
.I COMMAND
.RI "[ ELEMENT TYPE OPTIONS ]"
.RI [ OPTION ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lcp_crtpolelt
is used to create an Intel(R) TXT policy element of specified type. Supports LCP 
elements both in current and legacy formats: LCP_MLE_ELEMENT2, LCP_STM_ELEMENT2, 
LCP_PCONF_ELEMENT2, LCP_PCONF_ELEMENT, LCP_MLE_ELEMENT and LCP_CUSTOM_ELEMENT.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
\fB--create \fB--type \fItype \fB--out \fIFILE \fR[\fB--ctrl \fIpol_elt_ctr1\fR]\fP
create a policy element specified by the --type option.
.RS
.TP
\fB--type \fItype\fP
type of element. Must be first option. See below for type strings and their options
.TP
\fB--out \fIFILE\fP
output file name
.TP
\fR[\fB--ctrl \fIvalue\fR]\fP
PolEltControl field (hex or decimal)
.RE
.TP
\fB--show \fIfile\fR [\fIFILE\fP]
show a policy element
.TP
\fB--version\fP
show tool version
.TP
\fB--verbose\fP
enable verbose output; can be specified with any command
.TP
\fB--help\fP
print out the help message
.SH OPTIONS
The \fB--create\fR command requires additional parameters depending on the element's type
.TP
\fBmle2 \fR[\fB--minver \fIver\fR] \fR[\fB--alg \fIalgorithm\fR] \fIfile\fR [\fIfile\fR...]\fP
.RS
.TP \w'\fB--alg\ \fI<sha1|sha256|sha386|sha512>\fP'u+1n
\fB--minver \fIver\fP
minimum version of SINIT (hex or decimal)
.TP
\fB--alg \fI<sha1|sha256|sha386|sha512>\fP
hash algorithm
.TP
\fR\fIfile\fR [\fIfile\fR...]\fP
one or more text files, each containing one or more MLE hashes (as text, one hash per line); 
Hash files can be created with lcp2_mlehash.
.RE
.TP 
\fBcustom \fR\fB--uuid \fIUUID \fR\fIfile\fR\fP
.RS
.TP \w'\fB--uuid\ \fIUUID\fP'u+1n
\fB--uuid \fIUUID\fP
UUID in format: {0xaabbccdd, 0xeeff, 0xgghh, 0xiijj, {0xkk 0xll, 0xmm, 0xnn, 0xoo, 0xpp}} or "--uuid tboot" to use default
.TP
\fIfile\fP
file containing element data
.RE
.TP
\fBsbios \fR[\fB--alg \fIalgorithm\fR] \fIfile\fR [\fIfile\fR...]\fP
.RS
.TP \w'\fB--alg\ \fI<sha1|sha256|sha386|sha512>\fP'u+1n
\fB--alg \fI<sha1|sha256|sha386|sha512>\fP
hash algorithm
.TP
\fR\fIfile\fR [\fIfile\fR...]\fP
one or more files containing one or more BIOS hashes (as text, one hash per line); 
the first hash in the first file will be the fallback hash
.RE
.TP
\fBstm \fR[\fB--alg \fIalgorithm\fR] \fIfile\fR [\fIfile\fR...]\fP
.RS
.TP \w'\fB--alg\ \fI<sha1|sha256|sha386|sha512>\fP'u+1n
\fB--alg \fI<sha1|sha256|sha386|sha512> \fP
hash algorithm
.TP
\fIfile\fR [\fIfile\fR...]\fP
one or more text files, each containing one or more STM hashes (as text, one hash per line);
.RE
.TP
\fBpconf2 \fB--alg \fIalgorithm\fR [\fB--pcrN \fIhash_value\fR]\fP
.RS
.TP \w'\fB--alg\ \fI<sha1|sha256|sha386|sha512>\fP'u+1n
\fB--alg \fI<sha1|sha256|sha386|sha512>\fR \fP
PCR hash algorithm
.TP
\fB--pcrN \fIhash_value\fP
PCR value for PCR #N, where 0 <= N <= 7.
.RE
.TP
\fBmle \fR[\fB--minver \fIver\fR] \fIfile\fR [\fIfile\fR...]\fP
.RS
\fB--minver \fIver\fP
minimum version of SINIT (hex or decimal)
.TP
\fR\fIfile\fR [\fIfile\fR...]\fP
one or more text files, each containing one or more MLE SHA1 hashes (as text, one hash per line); 
Hash files can be created with lcp2_mlehash.
.RE
.TP
\fBpconf \fIfile\fR [\fIfile\fR...]\fP
.RS
one or more text files, each containing PCR information; Each file should have 
the following structure: first line should be: 'locality:<value>' 
followed by up  to  8 lines,  each  representing one PCR (0 to 7) 
and its contents: e.g.  Locality represents TPM's locality at release. 
It is a byte, of which bits 0 to 4 represent their respective locality 
(bit0 - locality0 and so on). Bits 5-7 are reserved and must be 0. Value must be 
at least 1 - locality0 selected, and at most 0x1F (all localities selected).
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES
.P
Create MLE element:
.EX
lcp2_crtpolelt --create --type mle --out mle.elt --ctrl 0x00 --alg sha256 --minver 0 mle_hash
.EE
.P
Create PCONF2 element:
.EX
lcp2_crtpolelt --create --type pconf2 --out pconf2.elt --ctrl 0x00 --alg sha256 --pcr0 <PCR[0] hash> --pcr3 <PCR[3] hash> 
.EE
.P
Create PCONF element:
.EX
lcp2_crtpolelt --create --type pconf pcrInfo1.txt pcrInfo2.txt --out pconf2.elt --ctrl 0x00
.EE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR "Full documentation of MLE, Intel(R) TXT and LCP is available in Intel(R) TXT Measured 
Launch Environment Deleveloper's Guide, available at: 
http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/software-developers/intel-txt-software-development-guide.html

.BR lcp2_crtpol (8),
.BR lcp2_mlehash (8),
.BR lcp2_crtpollist (8),
.BR uuidgen (1),
.BR tb_polgen (8).
