.\"
.TH LCP2_CRTPOL 8 "2020-05-10" "tboot" "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
lcp2_crtpol \- create an Intel TXT Launch Control Policy
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lcp2_crtpol
.B <--create|--show|--help>
.RB [ --brief ]
.RB [ --verbose ]
.B --alg
.I alg
.B --type
.I <any|list>
.RI [ LIST FILES ]
.RB [ --minver
.IR <ver> ]
.RB [ --rev
.IR <counter1> [ ,counterN ]]
.RB [ --ctrl
.IR <pol_ctrl> ]
.B --pol
.I <POLICY\ FILE>
.RB [ --data
.IR <POLICY\ DATA\ FILE> ]
.RB [ --mask
.IR mask ]
.RB [ --auxalg
.IR alg ]
.B --sign
.I alg
.RB [ --polver
.IR version ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lcp2_crtpol
is used to create a TXT LCP policy (and optionally policy data), which can later 
be written to the TPM. This tool allows creating policies for TPM 1.2 and TPM 2.0. 
Policy format is specified by the --polver option.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B --create
Create a policy.
.TP
.B --show
Show contents of a policy file, policy data file or both. If you specify one 
file it must be either a policy file or a policy data file. 
If you specify two files, one must be a policy file and the other a policy data file.
.TP
.B --help
Show help text.
.TP
.B --version
Show tool version.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --brief
Use brief format for output.
.TP
.B --verbose
Use verbose format for output.
.TP
.BI --alg\  alg
Specify algorithm for the LCP. Supported values are sha1, sha256 or sm3.
.TP
.BI --type\  <any|list>
Specify type of the policy. If --type is list, specify a comma-separated list 
of up to 8 policy list files (created with the lcp2_crtpollist command).
.TP
.BI --minver\  version
Specify minimum allowed SINIT module version number (SINITMinVersion).
.TP
.BI --max_sinit_min\  version
Specify maximum allowed value of the minimal SINIT module version number (MaxSinitMinVersion).
.TP
.BI --rev\  <counter1>[,counterN]
Specify a comma-separated list of revocation counters.
.TP
.BI --ctrl\  <pol\ ctrl>
Specify PolicyControl value. The default is 0 (LCP_DEFAULT_POLICY_CONTROL).
.TP
.BI --pol\  <POLICY\ FILE>
Specify output file for the policy.
.TP
.BI --data\  <POLICY\ DATA\ FILE>
Specify output file for the policy data.
.TP
.BI --mask\  mask
Specify the policy hash algorithm mask. Supported values are sha1, sha256, sha384, sha512 or sm3. 
This option can be used multiple times to specify several allowed algorithms. Policy 
versions 2.0-2.4 only support SHA1.
.TP
.BI --auxalg\  alg
Specify the AUX hash algorithm. Supported values are sha1, sha256, sha384, sha512 or sm3. 
You can also specify a raw value in hex (the value must start with "0x"). This option 
is only valid for policy versions 3.0 or 3.1.
.TP
.BI --sign\ alg
Specify the allowed LCP signature algorithm mask. Supported values are: 
rsa-2048-sha1, rsa-2048-sha256, rsa-3072-sha256, rsa-3072-sha384, ecdsa-p256, 
ecdsa-p384 sm3. This option can be used multiple times to specify several allowed 
algorithms.
.TP
.BI --polver\  version
Specify LCP policy version. Supported values are 2.0-2.4 (for TPM 1.2) and 3.0-3.2 
(for TPM 2.0). If not specified, this option defaults to 3.0.
.SH EXAMPLES
.EX
lcp2_crtpol --create --type list --pol list.pol --alg sha256 --data list.data --sign 0x8 list.lst
.EE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR "Full documentation of MLE, Intel(R) TXT and LCP is available in Intel(R) TXT Measured 
Launch Environment Deleveloper's Guide, available at: 
http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/software-developers/intel-txt-software-development-guide.html

.BR lcp2_crtpollist (8),
.BR lcp2_crtpolelt (8),
.BR lcp2_mlehash (8),
