.\"
.TH LCP2_CRTPOLLIST 8 "2020-05-10" "tboot" "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
lcp2_crtpollist \- create an Intel(R) TXT policy list
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lcp2_crtpollist
.I COMMAND
.RI [ OPTION ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lcp2_crtpollist
is used to create an Intel(R) TXT policy list.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --create
Create a TXT policy list. The following options are available:
.RS
.TP \w'\fB--listver\ \fIver\fP'u+1n
\fB--listver\ \fIver\fP
policy list version. Supported values are: 0x100 (legacy LCP_POLICY_LIST), 
0x200, 0x201 (legacy LCP_POLICY_LIST2) and 0x300 (current LCP_POLICY_LIST2_1). 
.TP \w'\fB--out\ \fIfile\fP'u+1n
\fB--out\ \fIfile\fP
output file for policy list
.TP
\fR[\fIfile\fR]...\fP
policy element files (created with the lcp2_crpolelt command).
.RE
.TP
.B --sign
Sign a TXT policy list.
.RS
.TP \w'\fB--sigalg\ \fI<rsa|rsapss|ecdsa|sm2>\fP'u+1n
\fB--sigalg\ \fI<rsa|rsapss|ecdsa|sm2>\fP
Signature algorithm. Lists version 0x100 only support rsa (rsa pkcs 1.5). Lists 
version 0x200 and 0x201 support rsa (rsa pkcs 1.5) and ecdsa. Lists version 0x300 
support rsapss and ecdsa.
.TP \w'\fB--hashalg\ \fI<sha1|sha256|sha384|sha512|sm2>\fP'u+1n
\fB--hashalg\ \fI<sha1|sha256|sha384|sha512|sm2>\fP
Hash algorithm used for signing a list. Lists version 0x100 only support SHA1.
.TP
\fB--pub\ \fIfile\fP
Public key to use, must be in PEM format.
.TP
\fB[--priv\ \fIfile\fP]
Private key to use, must be in PEM format. This option is required unless you use the \fB--nosig\fP option
.TP
\fR[\fB--rev \fIcounter\fR]\fP
Revocation counter value
.TP
\fR[\fB--nosig\fR]\fP
Don't add a SigBlock. This option is ignored if list is version 0x300.
.TP
\fB--out\ \fIfile\fP
Policy list file (input and output)
.RE
.TP
.B --addsig
Add a signature. This option is ignored if list is version 0x300.
.RS
.TP \w'\fB--sig\ \fIfile\fP'u+1n
\fB--sig\ \fIfile\fP
File containing signature (big-endian)
.TP
\fB--out\ \fIfile\fP
Policy list file
.RE
.TP
\fB--show \fIfile\fP
Show contents of a policy file
.TP
\fB--verify \fIfile\fP
Verify policy version 0x300 file.
.TP
\fB--version\fP
Show tool version.
.TP
.B --help
Print out the tool's help message.
.TP
.B --verbose
Enable verbose output; can be specified with any command.
.SH EXAMPLES
.P
Create unsigned policy list with MLE element:
.EX
lcp2_crtpollist --create --out list.lst mle.elt
.EE
.P
Sign policy:
.EX
lcp2_crtpollist --sign --sigalg rsa --pub pubkey.pem --priv privkey.pem --out list.lst
.EE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR "Full documentation of MLE, Intel(R) TXT and LCP is available in Intel(R) TXT Measured 
Launch Environment Deleveloper's Guide, available at: 
http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/software-developers/intel-txt-software-development-guide.html

.BR lcp2_crtpol (8),
.BR lcp2_crtpolelt (8),
.BR lcp2_mlehash (8),
.BR openssl(1).
