.\"
.TH LCP_MLEHASH 8 "2020-05-10" "tboot" "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
lcp2_mlehash \- generate a hash of a TXT MLE binary file and print it to STDOUT as text. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lcp2_mlehash
.RB [\| --create \|]
.RB [\| --cmdline
.IR cmdline \|]
.RB [\| --alg
.IR hashalg \|]
.RB [\| --help \|]
.RB [\| --verbose \|]
.I mle-file
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lcp2_mlehash
is used to generate a hash of the portion of an executable file that contains
the Intel(R) TXT measured launched environment (MLE).  In the MLE binary file, the 
portion of the file to be used as the MLE is specified in the MLE header structure.  
If verbose mode is not used, the output is suitable for use as the mle-file to the
.B lcp2_crtpolelt
command.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I mle-file
File name of the MLE binary.  If it is a gzip file then it will be un-ziped before hashing.
.TP
.B --create
Create a hash.
.TP
.BI --cmdline\  cmdline
Specify quote-delimited command line. It is important to specify the command line that is used when launching the MLE or the hash will not match what is calculated by SINIT.
.TP
.BI --alg\  hashalg
Specify the hash algorithm to use. Supported values are sha1, sha256, sha384 and sha512.
.TP
.B --help
Print out the help message.
.TP
.B --verbose
Verbose mode, display progress indications.

.SH EXAMPLES
.EX
lcp2_mlehash --create --cmdline "logging=memory,serial,vga" --alg sha1 /boot/tboot.gz > mle-hash
.EE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR "Full documentation of MLE, Intel(R) TXT and LCP is available in Intel(R) TXT Measured 
Launch Environment Deleveloper's Guide, available at: 
http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/software-developers/intel-txt-software-development-guide.html

.BR lcp2_crtpol (8),
.BR lcp2_crtpolelt (8),
.BR lcp2_crtpollist (8).
